README.md, before:

# wark

This is a very lightweight mvc

Why another framework?
----------------------
The intention is to create a very simple MVC framework that is the bare minimum to be able to create
simple apps and apis.  PHP can be incredibly fast, and the purpose was to have a simple scaffolding
for people to create their applications with out the hassle of over complication.

This has been tested with PHP 7.4 - it should be downward compatible, but we're aiming for 7.4.

Wark will be using a choice few packages - ideally keeping to a minimum, and onces with very few
depencies.

For Storage / Db access - we're going with https://doc.nette.org/en/3.0/database-core

to get it up and running 

`composer install`

in the public directory 

`php -S localhost:5678`

Routes are as follows 

`?route=controller/method/var`

So the framework will look for the controller method and then pass any variable.

you can also edit the `src/app/routes.php` file for any routes you want to break out of the pattern above.

Over time we will add to this framework.

A note - if you add any new classes such as Controllers, or Models - then please run 
`composer dump-autoload -o`

Commit message:

Add in docker and do some tidying up as it was all a bit out of date

README.md, after:

# wark

This is a very lightweight mvc

Why another framework?
----------------------
The intention is to create a very simple MVC framework that is the bare minimum to be able to create
simple apps and apis.  PHP can be incredibly fast, and the purpose was to have a simple scaffolding
for people to create their applications with out the hassle of over complication.

This has been tested with PHP 7.4 - it should be downward compatible, but we're aiming for 7.4.

Wark will be using a choice few packages - ideally keeping to a minimum, and onces with very few
depencies.

For Storage / Db access - we're going with https://doc.nette.org/en/3.0/database-core

Dev Environment

docker is being used so you can run `./build.sh` and point your browser at `localhost`
once it's been built for the first time you can just use `./start.sh` or `./stop.sh`
`./down.sh` clears up docker so you can do a clearn build.

Routes are as follows 

`?route=controller/method/var`

So the framework will look for the controller method and then pass any variable.

you can also edit the `src/App/routes.php` file for any routes you want to break out of the pattern above.

Over time we will add to this framework.

A note - if you add any new classes such as Controllers, or Models - then please run 
`composer dump-autoload -o`
